[Music]
do this to remove blackheads from your
nose there was a problem everybody no
matter the skin type faces blackheads it
seems like it's pretty impossible to get
them all out these days multiple
products and procedures can help you
deal with this issue but is there any
other alternative as it turns out there
is so bright side is here to tell you
about a couple of effective 5-minute
methods that will clean your face from
the blackheads completely do you want to
know why and how exactly blackheads
appear on your skin and what can help
you get rid of them then let's get to
the bottom of it blackheads are a type
of downes they appear on your skin
when your pores become plugged with dead
skin cells all this is happening you're
poor due to the reaction with the oxygen
becomes black and easily visible and
there a new blackhead is born
various factors caused the blackheads
usually they appear during puberty when
your body goes through a lot of hormonal
changes other possible reasons for
blackheads are menstruation pregnancy
stress sweating alcohol caffeine and
even smoking yes I guess that's another
great reason to throw the pack of
cigarettes away if you still didn't do
it don't forget that not cleaning your
face properly or using oil-based
products may cause blackheads as well
there is also another important part of
this issue the bay seus filament
sometimes what you may think is a
blackhead certainly isn't it are you
confused well let me explain if you look
closely you can see tiny dots on your
nose that look a bit like blackheads in
reality they are just sebaceous
filaments the pore is filled with see
burn which channels oil onto your skin
so don't confuse them with the
blackheads sebaceous filaments have
nothing to do with acne they're usually
like gray and smooth to the touch
blackheads on the other hand are larger
and feel like a little bump on your skin
enough of the fury let's get to the
methods that will help you overcome this
issue as you probably already know
blackheads can appear on your cheeks
chin and even around your lips but
probably the most common area is your
nose and in this video we will focus
mainly on it easily one of the most
effective ways to clean your nose from
all these unwanted come downs so far is
a quick mask which contains a lemon and
sea salt so grab a pen and write down
this simple recipe first of all you'll
need one tablespoon of sea salt 1/2 of a
teaspoon of lemon juice and 1 tablespoon
of water mix all of these ingredients in
a bowl and apply on the black spots for
2 to 3 minutes the best way to apply
this mixture is in a circular motion so
you'll probably rub it in your skin then
let it dry for 10 or 15 minutes and just
clean your face with warm water after
that wash your face again this time with
cold water to close the pores don't
forget to use moisturizer afterwards do
this mask once a week and the results
will surprise you
lemon is one of the most effective
products against blackheads and is
pretty much always a part of different
recipes for blackheads free masks and
scrubs and it's no surprise because
lemon contains different acids then not
only tighten the pores and removes the
blackheads but also prevents acne and
other skin problems
don't get too crazy and be careful
though because this mask is not for the
sensitive or dry skin for those skin
types there are other more gentle ways
of removing the blackheads let's discuss
them right now so if your skin is way
too sensitive or dry the scrub out of
oatmeal lemon juice and plain yogurt
will do just as good of a job at
cleaning your face from the blackheads
as the previous one just mix two
tablespoons of oatmeal with three
tablespoons of yogurt and the juice of a
half of lemon apply the finish mask to
your nose and leave it for ten minutes
one of the times up paint your face with
water and apply moisturizer oatmeal is
the ingredient of numerous great base
scrubs and is great for your skin and
yogurt balances the lemon out and
provides a more gentle cleaning without
drying up your skin way too much
repeat this mask one time a week there
is a couple of other ways you may want
to try let's try with the cleansing for
stripes yes you don't need to buy them
you can easily make them yourself you'll
need only honey milk and some cotton
first of all fix one tablespoon of raw
honey with one teaspoon of milk put the
mixture in the microwave for about five
to ten seconds then get it out and stir
it to make sure everything mixed well
don't forget to pay attention to the
temperature of the final mixture it
shouldn't be too hot then you can apply
the warm mixture on your nose and pat a
cotton strip gently there you go your
cleansing for strips are ready leave the
strip on your nose for about 15 to 20
minutes and then carefully peel it away
wash your nose with cold water to close
the pores it's better to do this little
procedure once a week to clean your face
from blackheads this method is both
productive and gentle to your skin so
that it will be useful for any skin type
you can also make a cinnamon and honey
strips which are considered to be
another perfect combination for getting
rid of blackheads the recipe is the
following you'll once again need cotton
plus one teaspoon of honey and one
teaspoon of cinnamon powder mix the two
and apply a thin layer of finish paste
on your nose then Pat a strip over it
leave the strip for five to ten minutes
and then peel it away and then wash your
face with cold water repeat once a week
in this combination honey is responsible
for effective cleaning the clogged pores
while cinnamon makes the skin smoother
thinking it wait easier for honey to
remove the blackheads remember that in
both cases after you wash your face you
should ensure eyes your skin green tea
can also be a good helper in your battle
with blackheads to do this next no scrub
you'll need one green tea bag one third
of the cup of water and three
tablespoons of sugar the following steps
are simple brew with green tea bag in
one third of the cup of water and leave
the bag until the water becomes lukewarm
then put two tablespoons of sugar in a
bowl and add 1 tablespoon of lukewarm
green tea mix those two together add one
more tablespoon of sugar and continue
mixing tada the scrub is ready gently
rub the finish scrub to your nose in a
circular motion be careful and avoid
your eyes and nostrils wait for about 10
to 15 minutes and when you'll feel that
it began to dry wash it off with cold
water so you can close your pores and
moisturize your skin green tea is known
for reducing oil and inflammation on the
skin that's why it is irreplaceable for
removing the blackheads
[Music]
I guess we can all agree that we all
want to have beautiful glowing and clean
skin without all of these pimples and
blackheads right but you have to
remember that nothing comes easily a
battle with blackheads takes a regular
care and serious efforts there are a lot
of things you can try
so always set aside some time for
yourself and try something new
this way you'll know what works for your
skin and what doesn't
throughout this process you will
certainly find some Universal methods
and techniques that will work wonders
for your skin making it clean fresh and
above all healthy what helps you to
clean your face from the blackheads
share your opinions and advice in the
comment section below don't forget to
give us a like and share the video with
your friends do with your friends